Add to DeBERTa resources (#20155)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/deberta.mdx

This model was contributed by [DeBERTa](https://huggingface.co/DeBERTa). This model TF 2.0 implementation was
contributed by [kamalkraj](https://huggingface.co/kamalkraj) . The original code can be found [here](https://github.com/microsoft/DeBERTa).

## Resources

A list of official Hugging Face and community (indicated by 🌎) resources to help you get started with DeBERTa. If you're interested in submitting a resource to be included here, please feel free to open a Pull Request and we'll review it! The resource should ideally demonstrate something new instead of duplicating an existing resource.

> <PipelineTag pipeline="token-classification" />
> 
> - [Byte-Pair Encoding tokenization](https://huggingface.co/course/chapter7/2?fw=pt) chapter of the 🤗 Hugging Face Course.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<PipelineTag pipeline="token-classification"/>

- [Byte-Pair Encoding tokenization](https://huggingface.co/course/chapter6/5?fw=pt) chapter of the 🤗 Hugging Face Course.
```

Author: Should be fixed now.

<PipelineTag pipeline="text-classification"/>

- A blog post on how to [Accelerate Large Model Training using DeepSpeed](https://huggingface.co/blog/accelerate-deepspeed) with DeBERTa.
- A blog post on [Supercharged Customer Service with Machine Learning](https://huggingface.co/blog/supercharge-customer-service-with-machine-learning) with DeBERTa.
- [`DebertaForSequenceClassification`] is supported by this [example script](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/pytorch/text-classification) and [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/notebooks/blob/main/examples/text_classification.ipynb).
- [`TFDebertaForSequenceClassification`] is supported by this [example script](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/tensorflow/text-classification) and [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/notebooks/blob/main/examples/text_classification-tf.ipynb).

> - [`FlaxDebertaForSequenceClassification`] is supported by this [example script](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/flax/text-classification) and [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/notebooks/blob/main/examples/text_classification_flax.ipynb).

Author: Done :-)
